# CMPUT-497-Assignment-1
1. Author: David Hoeppner (ccid: dhoeppne)
1. Sources used were the nltk documentation found at `http://www.nltk.org/`. As well, regex101 and the python regex documentation were used, which can be found at `https://regex101.com/` and `https://docs.python.org/3/howto/regex.html` respectively.
1. To execute: install nltk with the command `pip3 install nltk`, then use `python3 ./main.py <directory of files to be analyzed>`.

## Design Decisions.
The program is split into 4 sections: `main.py`, `analyzeFile.py`, `textfield.py`, and `tsvPrint.py`. main is used to handle the user input, and call the necessary functions to parse the input. analyzeFile extracts all the facts from the given wiki file, searching through the infobox and parsing what it needs to from there. It is the first step in the process, as gathering evidence requires well defined relations and facts, which analyzeFile provides. textfield.py searches through the body of the wiki and finds supporting evidence for the facts and relations found in analyzeFile. It has a set of synonyms for the relations that it uses to check for different ways of supporting a fact, and attempts to find the shortest piece of non-infobox evidence that it can to find evidence. Only if it cannot find a non-infobox evidence piece does it grab the evidence from the infobox. I made this decision in order to attempt to gather as much evidence as I could from an area that I had not parsed yet (as the infobox is parsed extensively in analyzeFile). Lastly, tsvPrint takes the input and formats it nicely into a tsv file. I opted to use regex to find facts based on pre-decided keys, in order to save time and ensure too much effort was not expended on the assignment. Each regex expression is designed to either remove useless information that gets in the way (such as comments or <refs>), or to extract a piece of information from a line in the file. Although my solution is slow, I think it manages to grab the best supporting evidence possible (evidence that supports the fact while also being the shortest string possible).